hey guys I wanted to bring you a little
review on another one of the sleek
products I've been trying this is my
blush by three palette and it's the one
called pink lemonade so it does contain
one cream blush and two powder blushes
so there's your cream in the middle it's
a pink no shimmer and then you have two
shimmery tones of blush on either side
one is more of like a coral a type pink
and one is like a true classic like
bubblegum pink both definitely have
shimmer I would say this one has a
little bit more but this is called pink
mint
this is macaroon and this is icing sugar
those are the three names not every
blush palette by sleek has a cream blush
thrown into it I have another one that's
just purely powder I also have a single
sleek blush that I have handy here this
is in the shade flamingo and it's like a
really pretty coral a pink and it's
matte so I don't want you to think
because the powder blushes in this
palette are shimmery that that's the way
everything is across the entire line um
but these do happen to have some glow to
them and I don't really mind that
because honestly where I'm putting blush
and where I'm getting a little bit of a
glow on my cheeks this is not really a
problem area for me you know I don't
have a lot of large pores there I don't
have a lot of uneven texture so when I
put shimmer or a little bit of glow on
my cheeks I think you know that's a good
place for me personally to put it I
won't say that these are like SuperDuper
metallic but there's some glow in there
you're a little bit apprehensive about
that you know you might just skip the
highlight which is something I did with
this look you know any glow on my cheeks
is really coming from this shade here
and packaging thing that I could see
some people having an issue with is that
there is a cream product sandwiched
between two powder products and what if
you get some fallout from powder
products into the cream and then you
know there's little shimmer bits getting
into the creamy product and it changes
you know the way that product looks I
can see that happening
has happened I've seen a little bit of
Fallout especially from this shade
falling into my cream so I don't love
but at the same time I don't find either
of these powders to be overly flaky like
when I put my brush into them I don't
feel like they're really busting out
everywhere you know like some kicking up
a lot of powders when I am dabbing into
one of these shades I'm literally just
kind of dabbing into it because it
doesn't take much of the product so I
feel like I can keep that issue under
control but I like the combined nature
of this palette because anytime you take
you know a cream blush and then you add
a little bit of powder over the top I
think that duo like they lock it and
you've got really good staying power as
opposed to just wearing one or the other
aligned you like the quality of this
cream blush it only takes a tiny bit I
used my ELF small stipple brush tapped
into it just stippled it onto my cheeks
and then kind of blended it out I found
it pretty easy to blend out I wouldn't
say it's maybe as easy to blend as one
of those Maybelline master glaze sticks
but it's it's not difficult I'll put it
that it doesn't remain tacky it doesn't
have some kind of a weird texture thing
going on so I think it performs nicely
pretty much any time I use this I tend
to either use just the powder blushes or
top this with one of the powders so if I
want to go more pink maybe my lip color
choice is a little more of like a pink
or a berry I might go with this pink
shade which as you can see it's kind of
a glowy classic pink or today my eye
look has some coppery and peachy colors
in it so I went with the pink that's
more of a peachy pink toe the two
powders just quality-wise texture wise
you know what's more creamy and rich
feeling to the touch I would say it's
this one and the other pink like I said
it's just a little more on the flaky
side but it's still pigmented overall
I'm really happy with this purchase
I mean sleek has some intense blushes
there's definitely a lot in the line
that you could experiment whether this
is a great little travel blush palette
as well because you've got really
everything you need you've got your
cream if you want to use that and you've
got your two separate kind of under
tones working there for you on each of
those pink wrap this up if you're
placing a sleek order I would highly
suggest looking into their blushes I'm
really pleased with this I think the
pricing on them is very fair for what
you're getting the amount of product and
also the quality of the product takes
very little and I think it's very
effective at giving you that blushed
glow people tell me I'm glowing because
I'm pregnant I tell you what I'm glowing
because of this because if you sell me a
roll out of bed you'd say she ain't
glowing anyways thank you guys for
watching and I will see you in the next
video bye